welcome to thriller recapped today i will show
you a chinese crime thriller court drama film
called silent witness spoilers ahead watch out and
take care this movie is about a girl called lin
mang who is murder suspect of her father's fiance
yang dan the story is muddled with the essence of
parental love deeper emotions and twists the movie
starts with a crowd of news reporters speculating
on their headlines with the questions like why
did a 20 year old girl killed her future stepmom
we see joe lee the defense lawyer arriving at the
court she is considered the most expensive lawyer
then we see public prosecutor tong tower arriving
at the court he is very famous for winning high
profile cases on his name the reports claim
that the reason the case got public attention is
because the fact lin tai the father of the suspect
and now ex-boyfriend of her dead girlfriend is a
business tycoon in the first court session we can
see there is a lot of movement in the courtroom
a group of people from the news watching all of it
from the studio makes fun of the whole situation
the 20 year old girl lynne menge is brought
into the courtroom handcuffed and with tears
in her eyes she looks at her father and he gives
her a strange gesture at last the judges arrive
in the court and we see everyone standing up
for them a sign of respect in eastern part
outside the courtroom yang dan's personal
chauffeur sunway is questioned by lee joe
she asks him if he knew about
the affairs yang dan had
few days before yen dan's death she was caught
having a fair he says he doesn't know since he
is in charge of drivers not in charge of bedroom
surveillance of camera recorded lin driving over
yang she says she was drunk and she indeed ran
over her but she had no intentions to harm her
tong tao then brings lejo she claims on the
night of murder she saw lin-mang raging up
from the affair that was exposed intoxicated
she makes a claim that she will kill yang dan
in defense the lawyer brings sunway he
is loyal to lin tai's family for 15 years
he claims he was told to wait upstairs after yang
got a call from someone to meet up in parking
he went down after 10 minutes and he saw red porch
leaving also found yang dead the defense lawyer
shows evidence that sunway made a statement on
his birthday that he wants yang to be killed after
series of questions it is revealed that lin tai
was having an affair with his wife and he always
wanted to take revenge then defense lawyer claims
that when sunway saw yang unconscious and he stole
her 3 million yen watch which was found from his
house and killed yang by poking her head to the
nail on the wall which his tongue slips and he
says yes only to say no again that everyone is
shocked and lin tai breaks down in court but
also gives a creepy smile to public prosecutor
in flashback it is shown that tong tao
tried to prosecute lin tai three times
by now first time for a fraud but the witness
withdrew the statement in the last moment
in the second time it was for a property
fraud but again witness withdrew the statement
on the third time it was for a financial fraud
and this time after the witness testimonies
suddenly a scapegoat took claim for fraud in the
court and lin tai was set free his assistant asks
him that this time it's a criminal case and no one
will be a scapegoat for lin tai which he replies
that everyone can be bought some with money some
with emotions that he is sure that lin tai knows
how to buy people then we see lin tai walking out
of courtroom and claiming he knew his daughter was
innocent after the court session tong tao asks
his assistants what they think about the case
which they replies that they didn't expect sunway
to be the killer he says who said sunway is the
killer he claims he can read that lin tai had a
very creepy smile on his face and his eyes were
hiding something he then says lin tai is playing
smart with him so they must play real with him
then they go to the crime scene and find out
that the assistant of joe lee was already there
it means they might have erased evidence by
now then he asks his assistants to search
for all the bank transactions of lin thai and
sunway for any deposits since he thinks sunway
was bought to take all the blame the next day
they find out that sunway was diagnosed with
brain cancer one month before the murder so
he might be bought since he's dying already
secondly they find the transfer of 2 million yen
to sunway's account one week before the murder
the next day he brings both son
way and his wife for interrogation
his wife says lin tyfel filled all her wishes
with money which her husband would have never
done and she enjoyed changing hormones with lintai
then they interrogate sunway but he stays silent
the next day tong tao visits lin tai tong tao
aggressively says that he cannot let this happen
and just because lin tai is rich does not mean
he can buy people's life and he will find the
real murderer the next day few hours before the
next court session tong tao and his assistants
get an anonymous email that claims that the
center had video evidence of the murder of yang
they try to locate the sender but
they cannot locate who is the sender
then the video is sent over just as tong
tau and his team arrives into court for the
cross-examination of lin tai they decide to watch
the video first as they try to open the video it
does not work on windows media player so they
download another program and play it only to see
that lin tai came out of the car which is strange
however the video lags a lot and they were already
late for the court session and the whole court
was waiting for them so they decide to go inside
upon going inside they try to watch the video and
on testimony we see lin tai claiming how much he
loves his daughter and he always knew his driver
was not normal and is blaming the driver for the
murder of his fiancee when tong tao is about to
present it to the court strangely the video is
self-deleted stopping it from being presented in
court upon having no choice tong tao immediately
asks for a recess on the claim that he has a new
evidence to reorganize and present to the court
but he needs some time later tong town tells his
assistant that lin tai is very rich and cunning
but his only weakness is his pride which is often
harmful when the court session resumed tong tao
compliments him of being a very successful
businessman who has 2 000 employees and he
is the only owner to handle he then asks him if
he loved his fiance after hearing confident yes
he asks him what did he think about the affair
his fiancee was having which was leaked on the
internet lintai refuses to answer how he felt
then he asks after his wife died he might have
tried to look for another woman he says proudly
that woman chases me not me going after them
then tong tao asks him he gave diamond
ring to four women in last six years
which he laughs off at oh he forgot that tong
tao is not rich so he won't understand upon
hearing that tong tao took an aggressive stance
to cross-examine lin tai and used the infertility
of yang dan against lin tai claiming that lin tai
used yang dan and when he found out she was having
an affair with others and she is not fertile
woman as well he decided to take her life away
surprisingly this strategy worked and in
his agitated state lin tai shouts that he
was actually with his daughter in the suv at the
day of the murder while his daughter had knocked
down yang dan it was lin tai that got off the car
and pushed yang dan against the wall and her head
went on to a nail which killed her the whole
court is in an uproar and everyone is shocked
lin ty is hence detained his daughter ming was
also released after the confession of his father
having been acquitted of her crime few
days later nearing the trial of lin thai
jolie revealed to the audience that her team
was the one that had gotten hold of the video
and had sent it to tongtao's team this video was
in turn given to her team via an anonymous source
as she was comparing this video which was shot at
an angle different from the security camera feed
that was overlooking the scene she noticed that
the movement of sunway's leg was inconsistent
this led her to believe that the video
was shot after the murder happened
upon finding this shocking detail she immediately
asks her assistants to investigate whether lin tai
had carried out a massive renovation job within
the last few months and whether he had purchased
a lot of second-hand vehicles later her line of
doubt turned out to be fruitful and led her to
a deserted factory in the sioux province of china
she goes there and searches into the factory and
discovers the interior had been modeled after the
car park where the murder of yang dan had happened
this confirmed her hunch that lin tai shot the
video in the aftermath of the murder to stage
the idea that he was the one that committed the
murder instead of his daughter tong tao also has
his suspicion when he revealed the court footage
of lin tai confessing the murder of yang dan
lin tai asking to his daughter to forgive what
happened and start her new life before the end
of the video at that time he made a reference
that he would not allow himself to be convicted
by tong tao in front of the dragon back wall
ting tao cannot stop thinking what that meant
even his assistants were not able to find out
what it meant unable to fathom what this meant
tong tao visited lin tai's hometown and he decides
to speak to an old villager later the old person
explained the significance of the dragon back
wall telling the story of how in ancient china
the local dragon king took the place of his
dragon son that had committed grave atrocities
and gave himself up to the heavenly warriors
that were there to punish the younger dragon son
the local mountain where this allegedly happened
was hence referred to as the dragonback mountain
when tong tao was returning to town he received
a call from meng who was set free from the crimes
who supposedly called to confess her father's plot
to save her then the movie ends leaving everyone a
strong sense of grief as well as experiencing the
power of fatherly love let me know in the comments
what were your thoughts on this case and please
like and subscribe it really helps the channel